Update index.md (#25085)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/getting_started_with_the_web/the_web_and_web_standards/index.md

There are another class of languages called back-end (or server-side) languages, meaning that they are run on the server before the result is then sent to the browser to be displayed. A typical use for a server-side language is to get some data out of a database and generate some HTML to contain the data, before then sending the HTML over to the browser to display it to the user.

> Example server-side languages and frameworks include ASP.NET, Python, PHP, and NodeJS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example server-side frameworks include ASP.NET (in C#), Django (in Python), Laravel (in PHP), and Next.js (in JavaScript).
```
